"A hulking Matterfolk from parts unknown. His thick cloak and strange armor billow over his body, concealing the
 twisted form the Void has thrust upon him."

 
> Enter the temple
> An odd fellow stands in the center of the temple grounds
> His gaze is fixed on the idols above, each representing the 18 Children of Cal
> Talking to him does not interrupt his gazing:

"Do not show reverance to these Children playing Gods."
"For all our suffering is sourced from them- their greed and arrogance doom us even now."
"Do you think the slumbering Son was crafted by Cal out of anger? Nay, twas a warning. A message."
"And now Cal's offspring hide away in their worlds, terrified of this infant brother's eventual waking."
"Let them be forgotten, then. Toss them to the Void, as we did with that wretched Asa!"


> Chatting to him again has him quickly turn to gaze straight on at Olga

"What more do you seek here, golden one?"
"Surely you did not come to offer thoughts to these cowardly idols?"
"Had your own God the power they claim, you'd be freed from here in a moment's time. But nay, here we are."
"Retain your memories, child. Don't cast them to false hope."


> Chatting once more will have him return to staring at the idols:

"In another world I was called Donovir."
"For all my life I served under these false Gods, and yet only in death are my eyes opened to their treachery..."

> He turns, slower and softer this time:

"That is why I journey now, to awaken the slumbering Voice the Fadefolk speak of."
"With its blessing I hope to return to my world alive once more, spread the truths I've learned in this pit of enlightenment."
"If you seek to wake the Voice as well, then we are allies in our cause. Do not fear to call upon me in times of trouble."

> Soul Bond: Donovir the Acolyte
"Calls to Donovir for aid. He will restore your soul's stability."


> He turns back, gazing again
> Talking does not interrupt him:

"We cannot fail in this task. There are things far greater than our own salvation that must be done."
"I will not allow my kin to be fooled by these mere echoes of Cal any longer..."

