Matterfolk
  > People from the Realm of Matter. When a Matterfolk falls into the Void their body is left behind in the Matter realm, and
    only their soul passes through
  > "More alike your soul reside in this place, indeed."
  > "Half-forms cast from their shells, falling into the sea of thought and conciousness."
  > "Many too fearful, many too greedy, to take upon the Deep Voice's dream. Too meek."
  
Taintfolk
  > Souls of Matterfolk that remained in the Void too long and became hostile. Their loss has turned into blind rage and envy
    towards the Souls that retain their memories, and thus their forms have become grizzly husks meant to rip apart Matterfolk
    and devour their thoughts
  > Most of the enemies you'll face are Taintfolk
  > "That stick and spark you carry, many of the Taintfolk would devour them whole."
  > "Sigil of knowledge. Sustains twisted souls here. Stops them from falling to the countless hands."
  > "Fend away them, golden child. In seeking to survive they have lost what makes a soul Matter."
  
Fadefolk
  > Souls of Matterfolk that remained in the Void too long and lost substance. Their loss has turned into sorrow and despair,
    and thus their transparent forms have become distorted, their thoughts muddled and fogged
  > "What hope for those who sit and fade?"
  > "Leave them to misery, child of the south. Waste not a single Flint upon them."
  > "What empathy can be had for those who set themselves to suffering, for naught?"
  
Voidfolk
  > Naturally born folk of the Void, often called "Strangers" by Matterfolk. They cannot speak or write, and their odd forms
    can twist and contort freely. Befriending them is quite easy, though they ultimately serve as agents of balance
  > "The chittering masses gaze upon us from afar, little one."
  > "Beware their gaze, their smiles. A facade to hide their true nature."
  > "Cold and callow, these agents of Balance... Their purpose lost to them, now."
  
Obed
  > The "Domain" of the Void, Obed is the sole God residing in this realm and thus is its overseer. The recent chaos and
    falls seem to be stemming from Obed's disappearance
  > "The Deep Voice called the half-formed here, one by one in space long past."
  > "But the Voice dreamed, and the Voice went silent. Now we march along, following its slumbered mutterings."
  > "The Voice spoke of hope, spark-daughter. We cannot falter yet."
